c:\users\pardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\InfApp\bin\Debug\InfApp.dll
c:\users\pardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\InfApp\bin\Debug\InfApp.pdb
c:\users\pardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\InfApp\bin\Debug\InfApp.InfApp.apk
c:\users\pardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\InfApp\bin\Debug\InfApp.InfApp-Signed.apk
c:\users\pardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\InfApp\obj\Debug\InfApp.dll
c:\users\pardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\InfApp\obj\Debug\InfApp.pdb
c:\users\pardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\InfApp\obj\Debug\android\bin\InfApp.InfApp.apk
c:\users\pardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\InfApp\obj\Debug\res\layout\inmainwindow.xml
c:\users\pardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\InfApp\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\pardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\InfApp\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\pardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\InfApp\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\pardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\InfApp\obj\Debug\res\values\theme.xml
c:\users\pardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\InfApp\obj\Debug\res\drawable\curvedbutton.xml
c:\users\pardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\InfApp\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\pardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\InfApp\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\pardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\InfApp\bin\Debug\InfApp.dll.mdb
c:\users\pardo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\InfApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\InfApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\pardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\VS_IFGAPP\InfApp\bin\Debug\InfApp.dll
C:\Users\pardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\VS_IFGAPP\InfApp\bin\Debug\InfApp.pdb
C:\Users\pardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\VS_IFGAPP\InfApp\bin\Debug\InfApp.InfApp.apk
C:\Users\pardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\VS_IFGAPP\InfApp\bin\Debug\InfApp.InfApp-Signed.apk
C:\Users\pardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\VS_IFGAPP\InfApp\obj\Debug\InfApp.dll
C:\Users\pardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\VS_IFGAPP\InfApp\obj\Debug\InfApp.pdb
C:\Users\pardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\VS_IFGAPP\InfApp\obj\Debug\android\bin\InfApp.InfApp.apk
C:\Users\pardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\VS_IFGAPP\InfApp\obj\Debug\res\layout\inmainwindow.xml
C:\Users\pardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\VS_IFGAPP\InfApp\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
C:\Users\pardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\VS_IFGAPP\InfApp\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
C:\Users\pardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\VS_IFGAPP\InfApp\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Users\pardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\VS_IFGAPP\InfApp\obj\Debug\res\values\theme.xml
C:\Users\pardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\VS_IFGAPP\InfApp\obj\Debug\res\drawable\curvedbutton.xml
C:\Users\pardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\VS_IFGAPP\InfApp\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Users\pardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\VS_IFGAPP\InfApp\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\pardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\VS_IFGAPP\InfApp\bin\Debug\InfApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\pardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\VS_IFGAPP\InfApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\InfApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\pardo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InfApp\VS_IFGAPP\InfApp\obj\Debug\InfApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
